# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html),
and is generated by [Changie](https://github.com/miniscruff/changie).


## v0.2.0 - 2026-04-07
### Changed
* Update readme file for new binary filename
* updated workflow to build neo4j-mcp-canary.  docker image builds to neo4j-mcp

## v0.1.9 - 2026-04-02
### Changed
* isAura function uses a regex to detect databases.neo4j.io or instances.neo4j.io 
### Removed
* removed references for vector tools including analytics events

## v0.1.8 - 2026-03-31
### Added
* get-schema moved away from using apoc to return schema information.  
* refactored get-schema uses Cypher Queries to get the schema and includes vector indexes.  
* LLM now are aware of vector indexes so they can use this with Cypher. Responses updated to support vectors
* MixPanel events that include number of vector indexes and when vectors are used with read-cypher or write-cypher
* Remove internal nodes / relationships for Bloom from get-schema tool as these have no value for a LLM
* Detects use of SEARCH ... IN ( VECTOR INDEX ... ) as this is the preferred way to do Vector searches
* Added template for vector searches in get-schema descriptive text to guide LLMs
* Add vector-search tool that is progressively disclosed only when vector indexes are detected in the database
* Track fulltext index count (fullTextIndex) in get-schema analytics events alongside existing vector index count
* Vector search tool added.  Is visible when vector indexes are detected
* Detects use of full text indexes and sends events back
* get-schema uses NEO4J_SCHEMA_TIMEOUT to override default value of 30 seconds
### Changed
* Upgraded mark3labs mcp-go to 0.46.0
* Fix in server.go for The mcp-go SDK (v0.46.0) defines OnAfterCallToolFunc with the fourth parameter as any, not *mcp.CallToolResult.
* get-schema has timeout for large graphs.  fallback is sample based with configureable sample size
### Removed
* vector search tool removed due to LLM ignoring it

## v1.0.0 - 2025-11-20
### Added
* Now using Changie for changefile generation
### Changed
